Added content and updated README (#4)
devfile/landing-page: README.md

# landing-page

Landing Page repository for devfile.io.

## Getting Started

To start, run `yarn install`.

Start a development server with `yarn dev` or `npm run dev`.

Build the application with `yarn build` or `npm run build`.

Start a production server with `yarn start` or `npm run start`.

## Github Pages

> This repo is hosted on github pages at https://braden-wilson.github.io/landing-page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repo is hosted on github pages at https://devfile.github.io/landing-page.
```
